Update WebDriver docs and privacy whitepaper (#1410)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/index.md

    
Kids Mode does not collect data for personalization of the news feed or other Microsoft services.  You may no change the privacy settings for Kids Mode.  Other settings like Windows Defender SmartScreen and diagnostic data are configured according to the profile in which Kids Mode was launched.  For more information about diagnostic data about how you use the browser and Windows Defender SmartScreen, navigate to the [Diagnostic Data](#diagnostic-data) and [SmartScreen](#smartscreen).  

## Microsoft Edge Driver

> Microsoft Edge Driver allows developers to programmatically drive the Microsoft Edge browser with the [WebDriver protocol][WebDriverProtocol].  Microsoft Edge Driver is a separate executable \(ex. msedgedriver.exe\) from Microsoft Edge that developers call from their client code\(ex. a test script\).  Microsoft Edge Driver sends diagnostic data, such as the [New Session WebDriver command][WebDriverProtocolNewSession], to Microsoft by default.  To turn off the diagnostic data collection for Microsoft Edge Driver, set the `MSEDGEDRIVER_TELEMETRY_OPTOUT` environment variable to `1` or `true`.  For more information about Microsoft Edge Driver, navigate to [Use WebDriver to automate Microsoft Edge automation][WebDriverDoc].  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Edge Driver allows developers to drive the Microsoft Edge browser using the [WebDriver protocol][WebDriverProtocol].  Microsoft Edge Driver is a separate executable \(`msedgedriver.exe`\) from Microsoft Edge that developers call from their client code \(such as a test script\).  By default, Microsoft Edge Driver sends diagnostic data such as the [New Session WebDriver command][WebDriverProtocolNewSession] to Microsoft.  To turn off the diagnostic data collection for Microsoft Edge Driver, set the `MSEDGEDRIVER_TELEMETRY_OPTOUT` environment variable to `1` or `true`.  For more information about Microsoft Edge Driver, navigate to [Use WebDriver to automate Microsoft Edge automation][WebDriverDoc].  
```
